---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Hello! I'm Aymen, a recent chemical engineering graduate from the University of
Sheffield. Currently, I am taking a short(ish) break before committing to a long
term career plan (grad job, post grad studies) to work on various projects and
learn about things I find interesting.

I'm passionate about engineering solutions with the aim of combating climate
change. I'm particularly interested in low carbon technologies, namely CCUS. As
an undergraduate I conducted research titled "<i>Modelling microalgae growth for
CO<sub>2</sub> utilisation</i>" under Dr. Solomon Brown. I developed a
mathematical model to gain further insite into how microalgae growth can be
optimised for CO<sub>2</sub> utilisation from carbon capture. The project poster
gives a brief overview of the research aims and objects and can be found <a
href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aymenhafeez/blog/master/assets/images/poster.png">here</a>.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aymenhafeez/blog/master/assets/images/poster-pres.jpg)

Aside from being an engineer, I would consider myself a recreational
mathematician. I'm really enthusiastic about exploring other areas of
mathematics beyond that covered in my degree, particularly number theory. I
especially enjoy seeing how seemingly abstract ideas and concepts within pure
mathematics can be used to describe real world phenomena. I like to write about
interesting results and proofs that I come across to share them with anyone who
may stumble upon this site. I also like making animations of interesting
functions and mathematical objects which I find can help in better understand
their behaviour. 

One of the projects I'm currently working on is making an autonomous robot. I
am relatively new to robotics and only have basic knowledge of electronics, and
so, I will be documenting the progress I have made so far, and the progress I
hope to make in the future, on this site.

Other than the above, my interests include nature and going on walks, music and
playing guitar, reading and taking pictures of my cat.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aymenhafeez/blog/master/assets/images/cat.jpeg)

### Contact me

Feel free to contact me at [aymennh@gmail.com](mailto:aymennh@gmail.com) :)
